and we return this final score
alebrijes 3 for 1 on black lions in
the quarterfinals of the league of
promotion in the first leg game of
contrast is the first time by
complete for the set of lions
blacks who took advantage of their superiority
took advantage of the stopped balls
took advantage of the bad time in addition to
alebrijes although he could only make one
goal in the first time this the best the
local team danny santoya scored
but it was clearly out of place
so very well the arbitration body that
it seems to me that throughout the 90 minutes
did a good job is the most
dangerous dangerous of alebrijes in the
first half while the set
of the black lions above won
all the plays and at minute 21 I was going to
overflow days were going to win in the area
twice he spits the ball badly on
arquero sergio arias and takes advantage very
all right
Edgar Gonzales to do the 1 for 0 in
the 21st minute of the first part had
won balls up already
the team of black lions the auction of
Viana and great gray can not stop her
control the spherical areas and take advantage
very well
édgar gonzález for left-handed define
this looked like a braulio penalty
godínez on édgar gonzález complains about
that reaches to touch him
when I had
at the end he feels the presence and it is the
play that discusses black lions the
referee says forward gonzález stays
claiming what could be a penalty
for the black lions at the beginning of
the complementary part the goal
to the hybrid and to 53 said calderón that
entered into the complementary part it
have confidence do not press the
defense and take a powerful shot to the
impossible angle for the archer
humberto hernández from the group of
black lions so he put the one by one
and maybe not so fair on the scoreboard
for what had happened in the field but
well the goals were what counted and
the mood was now with the whole
local 55 and appear his scorer
danny santoya taking advantage of this ball
loose in the area try to get out
humberto hernandez but very well saint
he already wins to do the two for one and
now if it completely changed the
circumstances of this encounter just
ten minutes into the second half
changed all the circumstances is
the most dangerous for visitors a
time more areas can not control but
well at least reject the ball to a
side and avoid the danger at your door
this is a great goal by jesus alberto
brown on the 16th of the complementary part
in 8 minutes he turned the
score alebrijes golazo de morena for
the three by one completely changed the
Ricardo Ricardo's spirit we already listened to him
I speak loudly told them to do what
who know how to do what led them to
end of cup what has led them in
only ten months already to dispute two
and were close to being the
the four for one that already seemed to go
to kill the series even so black lions
I think he's still alive with this
result must earn 2 for 0 or for 2
goals and that do not read this write down more than
one at the jalisco stadium next
Saturday at 12 a.m. so the key
if it favors alebrijes but is still open
for next Saturday dark in the
last try the auction of diego emilio
martínez and humberto gabriel hernández el
goalkeeper of black lions appears in
the fund to alleviate what looked like the
fourth goal of alebrijes and they take a
most important advantage to the party of
return to diego emilio martínez reaches
point the ball and the goalkeeper appears
Hernandez a good victory for the
alebrijes de oaxaca 3 x 1 toque
I would have until the Colombian Calderón
yes calderón that came plugged into this
second time he was close to doing the
four for one it seems to me that the
revulsive I needed the whole
oaxaqueño and we review in the technology
td n the goal precisely from calderón el
1 for 1 let's see the distance the power
in the placement that you printed this
Colombian having all the confidence
shooting by sticking his foot in
complete this ball 31 meters the
distance to the goal I knew that
I needed it to be very powerful
and so he does to beat the goalkeeper
Humberto Hernández 102 kilometers
time a perfect zapatazo del
Colombian who did the 1 for 1 we see
as the brand is very far from it,
to the archer and decides to shoot
perfectly
in the 8th minute the reaction of
alebrijes good victory 3 for 1 on
black lions the invitation for you to
10 o'clock at night downtown time
Mexico through Univisión gold tdn
against students on behalf of rubén
Zamora Sara to Tunisia
ernesto garcia appreciate your attention
good